a)
On branch master
Your branch is ahead of 'origin/master' by 1 commit.
  (use "git push" to publish your local commits)

nothing to commit, working tree clean

b)
5
$ git rev-list --all --count

c) 
Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019
$ git log -p .gitignore

d) 
- One can work on features independently so they never affect anyone else's work until it comes time to merge.
- One can do code reviews and targeted testing on the feature branch without holding anyone else up if there's a problem.
e)
git log shows the commit logs
git status shows the working tree status

f) 
git log Weapon.h

g)
git log --grep="file"

h)
I. The mechanism by which an object acquires the some/all properties of another object.
II. One method with multiple implementation for a certain class of action which implementation to be used is decided at runtime depending upon the situation
III. Binding the data with the code that manipulates it. It keeps the data and the code safe from external interference.

i) 
The "Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow is where there is only one central/blessed repository where every one makes pull from and only one person/dictator can push to it.
The  "Integration Manager" workflow each developer makes push to his/her own public repository, and pull from the blessed/central repository.Two repositories per developer pull and push to his/her own public repository.

j)
In a centralized workflow, if all the developers where to commit changes on the same files, a huge amount of work be required to handle the task.
The dictator workflow can handle this more elegantly by dividing and conquering.


RoleGame OOP principles

The Rolegame prototype is a case of both polymorphism and encapsulation.

Polymorphism is used in the children classes of the Weapon class to modify their hit method.
An important keyword is the word virtual, used for each child of Weapon.

Encapsulation is exemplified in the prototype in the form of the weapon classes being
encapsulated by the class WeaponFactory, which returns every value from those classes to main.


